## Namespacing

This turned out to be way more confusing than I expected. At first I held the misconception that I would only have to namespace modules, but then I realized that types have namespaces too, to access their methods. So now, I need to figure out how to make module paths ready to be parsed wherever they are. I think I will add a module for each type under the hood in the hir phase with all of the methods of that type. Or I could just follow module paths through types and modules. I think that's what I'll do instead.

Another problem is it really threw a wrench in my parser. Now I need to account for namespaces in all this places I didn't before. Like whenever there's an instantiation, the type name could be namespaced. In a function definition, the arguments' type could be namespaced. Any type can be namespaced, so a new parser was added that would take a namespaced typename where it expected one. However, functions can also be namespaced, but methods can't. So I think I'll have a module path struct which is just a Vec of identifiers, and a PathItem struct which is generic over a T, which is the item at the end of a path, which can so far be either a function or a type. I'm not exactly sure how to parse with the type parameter, but I think I'll have a function, `next_typename` which returns a `PathItem<TypeName>`, and a function `next_functioncall`, which returns a `PathItem<FunctionCall>`. Maybe both of those functions could use a function `next_path` which will consume all of the tokens of a path and leave the actual item still in the token tree.

Now I have gotten a working parser with some missing features still. At the beginning of HIR generation, I resolve all of the paths in the AST to absolute paths.